---
layout: post
title: 21 Questions
description: A game. A FAQ page. An opportunity to ask a question.
tags: [games]
---

I want to co-create a "FAQ" page for this website, so I created this simple game:

**Ask me a question.**

I'll pick 21 and publish them here with answers.

**Disclaimer**: Learning from the story of the Royal Research Ship *Boaty McBoatface*, I reserve the right to not answer/publish your question.


<p align="center">👁</p><br>

## ❤️ my god can't wait to hear more of where life has brought you recently
– João

I'm excited to tell you! 

It feels like on the last night of my recent trip to the mainland a new cycle of my life have just began. That was in November, around the Full Moon time. I'm now back to Pico Island, living in a tiny cabin made of wood, surrounded by trees, with a view to the ocean. It's a very inspiring place to be.

**I feel that a big part of the new cycle is about manifesting dreams.** I've been focused on the practical, productivity side of things for a while, but somehow I got disconnected a bit with my Big Dreams. They were always there, deep inside my heart, but I guess I didn't feel that the time to make them happen is *now*. And now, I do feel that way. It's very empowering.

I've taken my microsolidarity game to the next level, begun the process of creating a cooperative in the island, and started moving the energy towards creating a Regenerative Network in the Azores. I've coded my new website and set it up for effortless publishing right from Obsidian, which is a little thing, but it was something that has been on my mind for a long time. I've been enjoying building with wood and prototyping the next iteration of the cabin where I live. I finally put some energy to kickstart the process of sailing to Brazil in November/December 2022. I've started writing more letters again, and started reading them out in public for the first time, which felt special. I've noticed two particular fears surfacing in my life and faced them head on. Things are definitely moving!

And there's soooo much more to share. Looking forward to hugging you soon and going deeper, and also learning about your life!

## What are 3 things you explore daily to Change/better your life?
– Niko

1. I explore myself and the world I interact with through journaling. It's possibly the most powerful practice in my life. It helps me to continuously realign with myself.
2. Walking. Walking. Walking. To be honest, there are days when I don't walk, but I always miss it a lot if I skip a day and I come back to it. It's one of the most effective forms of my meditation.
3. Deliberately engaging in the action of *Being*.


## What are some things you can talk for hours about? 
– Chris

Sailing, travel stories, journaling, optimizing inventory for having less items, designing experiences, relationships, islands, maps, seeking wisdom, becoming an elder...

But, perhaps more importantly, sharing from the heart.

## What keeps you going?
– Bruno

I had to think for a while about that one.

In a nutshell, I have some kind of underlying sense of faith that life is unfolding itself perfectly, and I have real choice and influence over quite a lot of things (although not everything).

WIth that in mind, I feel that no matter what happens to me, I have a choice to make. That's very empowering, because it makes me feel like I'm in a driver's seat of my life. I do experience darker days, of course, but ultimately, I see them as inevitable challenges, and my overall experience of life so far led me to believe that, no matter the struggle, I can manifest any reality I want, which motivates me to actually make it happen on daily basis.

## How do you decompress/recharge?
– Irem

Forest bathing, dancing, hugging, contact improvisation, (very long) walks, being held by people who make me feel loved.

## If you were a dog, what would be your fetch ball?
– Irem

Dreams. I'll chase them for you and bring it back, so we can manifest them together ✨